Bre-ke-ke-kex

Pre Show Checks


Moving camera not on dark mode and focus!
Cameras on and plugged in
Delay delayed
Mics on and plugged in
Side lights on
Computer light off
Main lights off
Sheet setup and ready
Tape by window ready
Tape for measurement ready 
Side cam under bed shot
Moving cam above in box setup
Computer cam setup no blur
My remote is working
Shoes setup and ready
Paper setup and ready
Weight ready nearby
Freeze keys
The smash sound is off
The light is outside
Before the performance double check my scenes are not selected !!!

Program is setup with obs camera and cable c

SCENE 1


{Start scene lights off video effects off chair and me outside}
Enter door hitting chiron frame as enter place in normal spot (not centered) Breath
Turn on room light examine
Turn on small face light examine
Move to the center of the camera. Breath
Try to block the light from the window with head small shake
Get up and close the window slowly and noisily. Examine
Cover small sliver of light with hand 
Tape window so light is not entering the space.
Turn on nvidia video effects.
Exasperation slight

-------

My hands are blistered so sore;
What's more 
My stern below feels raw,
I can no longer run
Who said this was fun
I’ve never been so tired before

SCENE 2

I could have wished to meet them elsewhere. We are here not on equal terms. You see, my work happens to have outlived me. Theirs died with them. They have it all here all handy to recite. but lest they argue that I can't come up with a reply-- 
Come, tell me what are the points for which a noble artist our praise Obtains.
For ready wit, and counsels sage, and because the citizen folk they train
And If then you have done the very reverse, 
Found noble-hearted and virtuous men, and altered them, each and all, for the worse, 
Pray what should be the punishment you envision?
Death.
For just consider what style of men they received from me, great six-foot-high
Heroical souls, who never would blench from a townsman's duties in peace or war;
Not idle loafers, or low buffoons, or rascally scamps such as now they now explore.
But men who were breathing spears and helms, and the snow-white plume in its crested pride
The greave, and the dart, and the warrior's heart in its seven-fold casing of tough bull-hide.

SCENE 3

1 Where are we?  
2 Same place as yesterday 
1 You said that yesterday too
2 Is it up to me to find out where we are? You know just leave it… perhaps it's better that way
1 What way?
2 Finding out where we are. Perhaps it's better to just know its where we’ve always been
1 Don't you want to know though. What if we’re somewhere we’re not supposed to be?
2 No one’s come and told us to move on yet.
1 Well maybe they’ll come tomorrow and tell us to move on.
2 Maybe… we could ask them where we are if they do come.
1 That's a good idea. we’ll wait for them here then.

SCENE 4

Well First you'll come to an enormous lake Of fathomless depth. Next you'll see great snakes and savage monsters. Then weltering seas of filth And ever-ripening dung. Then next is the road to travel, up to Pluto's gate and further still. And fare thee well, my brother.

------- (have tape setup)

Attach tape measure to roof

 (movement of 2 cameras from perspective of computer cam may need more dialogue or silence)

-------GET BLACK BACKDROP SETUP WHILE SPEAKING NEXT LINES

And so with this bare stage, one person walking from one side of the performance space to the other while another person watches. This is apparently all that is needed for an act of theatre to occur.


_'Aegyptus, sailing with his fifty sons, As ancient legends mostly tell the tale, Touching at Argos_,
sound
_Bacchus, who, clad in fawnskins, leaps and bounds With torch and thyrsus in the choral dance Along Parnassus_.
sound
_No man is blest in every single thing. One is of noble birth, but lacking means. Another, baseborn_,
sound
_Once Cadmus, quitting the Sidonian town, Agenor's offspring_
sound
_Pelops, the son of Tantalus, while driving His mares to Pisa_
sound
_Oeneus once reaping_
sound
Pray let me finish one entire line first. _Oeneus once reaping an abundant harvest, Offering the firstfruits_
sound

-------

Exercises? 

Put out the shoes on the floor


-------

(Ok so … five times a4 ... by six feet by … 240 cente metres… so the volume... would be around

...7200...28800...4800...20...about 8000… 

space is… outside… we are surrounded by it and ... we surround it… then volume is … the difficult question however

...The Insides or… the inside at least... because we live in 3d space...inside here... 21,362...

Why are we stuck on … where we are on…why are we doing this…If we ask the question though… where are we … the same answer

------- (if we ask the question though?) cut on this line

so the smallest common denominator needed for a dramatic act to happen is a single audience member able to see a single actor exist. Or not, perhaps the tree does make a sound when it falls in the forest and noone is there to see it. I mean you affect others and if you the actor are affected by the actions of themselves are they the actor or the audience member. I mean ultimately saying a tree doesn't make sound when it falls in the woods is extremely human centric i mean there are other trees in the woods how do we know they dont feel it in some way. just because we don't understand how they might sense it in some way doesn't mean that they don't and at that point what does it mean to be alone there are multitudes of things that exist in the body that watch us daily not only the nebulous thing that we call ourselves,

(paper down here)
MUSIC 


-------------- move side camera and pc camera to end positions

Down cam side

I miss the start of this all when no one knew what was going on and you could tell. I miss when advertisers were scrambling to work out what they could sell but they had no idea. Turns out toilet paper and literally anything you can buy on the internet. When every single industry in the world stood together and said… "I don't know". like some scene in the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy. You know the head of each business standing there at the bar saying. "Oh well this is the best we can do now i guess." And don't get me wrong, all of this is coming from a very lucky person who just got to live through it all and for a lot of people it was… well for most people it must have been the most stressful time in the world but for me i can't say it wasn't fun.

Leave something there?------- (SIDE VIEW LOOK UP) 

I showed them scenes of common life, the things we know and see,
Where any blunder would at once by all detected be.
I never blustered on, or took their breath and wits away
By Cycnuses or Memnons clad in terrible array,
With bells upon their horses' heads, the audience to dismay.

-------Down cam

Look at _his_ pupils, look at mine: and there the contrast view.
Uncouth Megaenetus is his, and rough Phormisius too;
Great long-beard-lance-and-trumpet-men, flesh-tearers with the pine:
But natty smart Theramenes, and Cleitophon are mine.

------- (ATTACH SIDE CAM TO HEAD)

(pick up floor detritus and packup side stage packup and turn off side lights and main light,)
Computer camera


-------

GO TO MODEL VIEW

-COMPUTER CAM TO SCALE ROOM SPACE 
-MOVING CAM TO UNDER BED SPACE 
-TURNING OFF CAMERA EFFECTS IN NVIDIA
TURN LIGHT OFF?

-------
